-A citizen of min age is have to provide all the identity proof for applying license bring an RTO all the identification proofs are verified.
As a TRAVELER USING THE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM:

To help accelerate de-carbonization, I need to know …
…how much carbon a travel option (or a delivery) will generate or save.
To advance equity, I need to know…
…that I am not being discriminated against because of my age, race, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, ethnicity, nationality, or religion; and,
…that the information is available to me in ways that don’t require a personal smartphone or an internet account.
To protect my privacy, I need to know…
…that my private information, my travel patterns and my location data will not be used for profit or resold without my express consent; and,
…that the data or information I generate or is generated about me is not used for surveillance purposes without legal authorization.
To ensure a level playing field, I need to know…
…all the transportation options and services available to me at each stage of the journey; and,
…the comparative costs (in $) of the travel option or delivery service I am using or will use.
On location and navigation information
As a TRAVELER USING THE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM, I need to know …

…the best or recommended route to my destination (this includes the conditions of the physical infrastructure along the route);
…the exact location of transportation options (stations, parking locations, etc.) relative to my location;
…how to connect to another travel mode if I need to; and,
…the locations of parking spaces, load zones, boarding and hailing zones, stations, and where to wait for a vehicle.
On notification and status information
I need to know …

…the current state of sidewalks, roads, routes, and schedules (this should include current traffic, wait times and passenger volumes and this information must be accurate and dependable);
…if there are sidewalk and road closures, changes in schedules or routes that will affect my trip;
…how many parking slots are available (car, bike or scooter, etc.); and,
…If there are areas or routes where the mode or vehicle I am taking is prioritized or is not allowed.
On reporting and safety information
I need to know …

…who is operating the vehicle (if it’s not me) and that I can trust them, and if it is run by a human or by AI;
…how to (and be able to) report conditions that affect my trip; and,
…how to (and be able to) request for help for emergencies.
On payment information
I need to know …

…how to pay for my trip if there are any fees, fares or tolls required (and how I will be refunded for failures in service);
…if there are incentives or restrictions; and,
…that there are other ways to pay for fares or fees if I don’t have a credit card, a smartphone or internet access.

